Update PR template with new branching strategy (#8996)
mautic/mautic: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
Any PR related to Mautic 2 issues is not relavant anymore, please consider upgrading your code to the Mautic 3 series (staging/3.0 branch).
-->
| Q                                      | A
| -------------------------------------- | ---
| Branch?                                | staging for features or enhancements / 3.0 for bug fixes <!-- see below -->
| Bug fix?                               | yes/no
| New feature?                           | yes/no
| Deprecations?                          | yes/no
| BC breaks?                             | yes/no
| Automated tests included?              | yes/no
| Related user documentation PR URL      | mautic/mautic-documentation#... <!-- required for new features -->
| Related developer documentation PR URL | mautic/developer-documentation#... <!-- required for developer-facing changes -->

> | Issue(s) addressed                     | Fix #... <!-- prefix each issue number with "Fix #", no need to create an issue if none exist, explain below instead -->

Reviewer: Just a small suggestion, as I think it reads a bit better!

```suggestion
| Issue(s) addressed                     | Fixes #... <!-- prefix each issue number with "Fixes #", no need to create an issue if none exists, explain below instead -->
```

<!--
Additionally (see https://contribute.mautic.org/contributing-to-mautic/developer/code/pull-requests#step-5-work-on-your-pull-request):
 - Always add tests and ensure they pass.
 - Bug fixes must be submitted against the lowest maintained branch where they apply
   (lowest branches are regularly merged to upper ones so they get the fixes too.)

>  - Features and deprecations must be submitted against branch staging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Features and deprecations must be submitted against the staging branch.
```
